Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. So, Lord of the Rings. Yeah. So, Favorite characters?
I like. I like Faramir.
Okay. Sorry, you can't.
Yeah, for now at least.
Favorite character? Okay, let me think. Yeah, let me think. Let me think.
Oh, I kind of like... uh not this one. Okay, I guess in the end, it's kind of Gandalf.
Gandalf. Yeah.
Yeah.
Aragorn.
Yeah, Aragorn is cool. Yeah.
Sam. Yeah.
And he goes. And he goes, don't you let go. Oh my God.
Well, that's only in the movie, he never said that in the
in the book. He never said that in the book.
Wait, have you read both the book and book, and watched the movie?
Yeah.
Yeah, I like those kind of endings too.
Three? Which part?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember. I remember. But they didn't do that movie because they had to probably cut.
But...
Yeah.
Because the rangers didn't leave.
Yeah, and the song.
Maybe they should make like, make like a small like series.
yo...
yeah
A movie of Hobbit? Oh yeah, I like that one. Actually, I might like that better than Lord of the Rings movie.
Book, I like the... Book, I like Lord of the rings probably better, but...
yeah
So...
Oh, I like, I might think Return of the Kings. That's good.
Uh. Uh.
yeah
But I guess, but you know.
The actor who played Samwise in the movie
like there's like some other movies where the same actor comes out so like i kind of like those movies only
because that actor came out.
He's not a hobbit and he wears shoes.
Yeah, I didn't leave. Hey, were you there when we watched it?
Oh, okay. But yeah, I did like raptor movie because he came out.
Yeah.
Yeah. He's in that one?
Ahhhh
yeah
I remember one time, like...
Like only once as an actor who played Aragorn in the movie.
Like I saw like, like a preview of the same actor in a different movie.
like i think they're like western.
yeah